📘 Pages are also blocks Pages are a special kind of block, but they have children like many other block types. When retrieving a list of child blocks , you can use the page ID as a block ID. When a child page appears inside another page, it's represented as a child_page block, which does not have children. You should think of this as a reference to the page block. 🚧 Unsupported block types The Notion API currently supports a subset of Notion block types, with support for more coming soon. When an unsupported block type appears in a page, it will have the type "unsupported" . Rich text In the previous block examples, the omitted value of the text property is a list of rich text objects . Rich text objects can describe more than a simple string - the object includes style information, links, mentions, and more. Let's look at a simple example that just contains the words "Grocery List": JavaScript { "type": "text", "text": { "content": "Grocery List", "link": null }, "annotations": { "bold": false, "italic": false, "strikethrough": false, "underline": false, "code": false, "color": "default" }, "plain_text": "Grocery List", "href": null } Rich text objects follow a similar pattern for type-specific configuration. The rich text object above has a type of "text" , and it has additional configuration related to that type in the text property. Other information that does not depend on the type, such as annotations , plain_text , and href , are at the top level of the rich text object. Rich text is used both in page content and inside page property values . Creating a page with content Pages can be created with child blocks using the create a page endpoint. This endpoint supports creating a page within another page, or creating a page within a database. Let's try creating a page within another page with some sample content. We will use all three parameters for this endpoint. The parent parameter is a page parent . We can build this object using an existing page ID: JavaScript { "type": "page_id", "page_id": "494c87d0-72c4-4cf6-960f-55f8427f7692" } 📘 Permissions Before an integration can create a page within another page, it needs access to the page parent. To share a page with an integration, click the ••• menu at the top right of a page, scroll to Add connections , and use the search bar to find and select the integration from the dropdown list. 📘 Where can I find my page's ID? Here's a quick procedure to find the page ID for a specific page in Notion: Open the page in Notion. Use the Share menu to Copy link. Now paste the link in your text editor so you can take a closer look. The URL ends in a page ID. It should be a 32 character long string. Format this value by inserting hyphens (-) in the following pattern: 8-4-4-4-12 (each number is the length of characters between the hyphens). Example: 1429989fe8ac4effbc8f57f56486db54 becomes 1429989f-e8ac-4eff-bc8f-57f56486db54. This value is your page ID.