Update a database
PATCH
https://api.notion.com/v1/databases/{database_id}

Updates the database object — the title, description, or properties — of a specified database.

Returns the updated database object.

Database properties represent the columns (or schema) of a database. To update the properties of a database, use the properties body param with this endpoint. Learn more about database properties in the database properties and Update database properties docs.

To update a relation database property, share the related database with the integration. Learn more about relations in the database properties page.

For an overview of how to use the REST API with databases, refer to the Working with databases guide.

How database property type changes work

All properties in pages are stored as rich text. Notion will convert that rich text based on the types defined in a database's schema. When a type is changed using the API, the data will continue to be available, it is just presented differently.

For example, a multi select property value is represented as a comma-separated list of strings (eg. "1, 2, 3") and a people property value is represented as a comma-separated list of IDs. These are compatible and the type can be converted.

Note: Not all type changes work. In some cases data will no longer be returned, such as people type → file type.

Interacting with database rows

This endpoint cannot be used to update database rows.

To update the properties of a database row — rather than a column — use the Update page properties endpoint. To add a new row to a database, use the Create a page endpoint.

Recommended database schema size limit

Developers are encouraged to keep their database schema size to a maximum of 50KB. To stay within this schema size limit, the number of properties (or columns) added to a database should be managed.

Database schema updates that are too large will be blocked by the REST API to help developers keep their database queries performant.

Errors

Each Public API endpoint can return several possible error codes. See the Error codes section of the Status codes documentation for more information.

🚧

The following database properties cannot be updated via the API:

formula
select
status
Synced content
A multi_select database property’s options values. An option can be removed, but not updated.
📘

Database relations must be shared with your integration

To update a database relation property, the related database must also be shared with your integration.


example:
const options = {
  method: 'PATCH',
  headers: {accept: 'application/json', 'content-type': 'application/json'}
};

fetch('https://api.notion.com/v1/databases/database_id', options)
  .then(res => res.json())
  .then(res => console.log(res))
  .catch(err => console.error(err));